hey guys what's up welcome to another
edition of what to wear to school this
episode is going to be about the trends
on high boots I have a very short amount
of time because I did record this video
already and then I recorded that sound I
hate the stupid knack it does it all the
time but anyway so we're gonna do this
really quickly and I'm gonna start right
here basically you need to do wear this
trend you can wear it many ways you're
gonna start with your top or your bottom
whatever gonna start with but I started
with this black pipe this grey pair of
jeans I'm gonna do close up in a minute
relax and I really shouldn't call them
great pair jeans because I honest I
think they're pretty crappy pair of
jeans and I don't worry about them but I
hope I never go back and buy them again
so I'm so used to calling in a really
great pair this is not and in fact this
is why I've tried to distress them
because I think they're so horrible that
I tried to kind of give it an edgier
look then I started and this top this
top is great because flattest implant is
gonna be in for this season it was in
last year's gonna be in the spring we've
seen it on the runways for the spring
ready so it's not going anywhere it's
here today go get a plaid top mine was
from last winter Sean wait for Target it
goes you don't know Sean Whyte he is a
pro skateboarder and snowboarder um he
just both he's amazing he's sick so I
love him love this top um it was a
little in the little boy section target
it's an extra-large honestly anyway so
moving starting with a great basic trend
on the top and just a plain campus in
the bottom I started with these jeans
but basically you can do anything you
want you can you can put leggings you
can put skinny pants you can put tights
it goes really great with the tights
under the shorts look that I was showing
you guys an actual long ago so I'll zoom
in
no sir for you guys to see if you guys
want me to do a tutorial on how to
stress the denim I'll do that I don't
really mind if you don't that's cool too
I managed to do it anyway I just kind of
just document my my distressing
technique but honestly like I obviously
don't know how to do it quite yet I'm
gonna get better at it and I heard
you're so washed and before you really
wear them and I did with you but I don't
really care so anyway this is how the
style works these are the boots they're
just over the knee like I said they're
suede and honestly not a big fan of them
wearing them with jeans of any color not
even blue I'd rather pair them with a
black on black look and I'll show you
guys that in a different video where I
bought these boots I was on the way to
go pick up stuff my Halloween costume I
stopped at Charlotte Russe I was Lady
Gaga by the way and I didn't get a
chance to upload any kind of how-to on
my makeup or my costume or anything like
that so um maybe I'll do it up at a time
like far from now that I'm not sick of
the costume anymore but I've had to wear
it for to D Street with the same makeup
which is very hard to do wasn't very
hard to do but it was time-consuming and
so I'm just gonna put sorry I'm just
gonna post a link to my feet so you can
just see my picture on there or whatever
for the Lady Gaga makeup look and if you
want me to really pose to have to I can
do it
I mean I'll just do it on paper so you
guys can see um anyway so to truth they
have a sale on shoes by one going for 15
bucks and honestly like the thigh high
boot trend I was not a huge fan of it
first I was actually very very um
skeptical about doing it because I was
like in suede and leather what are we
distribute it because I got these for 15
bucks
see I was kind of discouraged most pairs
of boots for the five highs the cheapest
pair I was like almost like you know 60
70 bucks and that stone was the same as
a mid-calf suede boot from like bakers
and I was like I'm not gonna do that um
so I end up getting 15 bucks the
Charlotte Russe and I think this is
definitely a staple for the season
that's here to stay it's great for the
winter
um you should definitely go out and get
a pair and if you don't have a applied
top you should probably go out and get
one too even if it's not in a
button-down even if it's just something
platters checkered scarf go out and buy
cause it's definitely still in all right
I'm gonna let you guys go I have a great
day um peace alive money